mark grieves vulcan investment -- mediawiki overlays
building inference systems that can solve SAT-style questions about
mark could be a supporter of the crisiswiki

using freebase as a discovery tool. 
taking their content and making the association between
it's not a taxonomy at all, it's just a collection of nodes that you can query. 

can a relationship have a weight? No but you can have a notable type/ .

bloggers
we want to knwo what the people 

we can play out the indexing game against a very large corpus of people


jamie has a drupal extension -- a prototype of a really useful
RDFa is too hard 
HTML5 microdata, the simplicity 
it is controversial if you are a really hardcore RDFa hed
RDFa (was) beautiful
Commontag RDF is nothing more than an abstract model. 
The expressions of RDF are where the work lies, CommonTag is just one expression of it.
building a model for large scale annotation in freebase. 
Tags are corrected to resources, and there is an annotation about why that connection was made. 

in a transitionary periond.


MQL extensions now allows you to specify virtual properties that query services that are not a part of Freebase. The query embeds the 

- you can query daylife with a freebase identifiers. 
- query people's ids and get related items
- some sources are painfully performant
- the interesting part is that you can embed logic in the 




MJT
dynamically built templates on the client side
the problem is SEO. 
Acre: Arbitrary javascript. 


Zemanta is much more 

Calais is of dubious quality. 

get the full list back from Zemanta

What about Arabic? 
At some point we will have to translate. 
Freebase is actually multilingual -- we should add entries

Arabic entity extractors anyone.

wordnet.freebase.com
browse the graphs of sense relationships in freebase
stanford NLP looking for ways to use the network to expand wordnet

Ellerdale does new extraction
lingusitic data march 21st

base
type
object
property

cotyping


create a new type and then decorate it with the types that you need

chris will take ownership
